I like it when jamie benn scores jamie benn goals.
@Aaron3675 I like it when jamie benn scores jamie benn goals.
@pally4christ you should do yourself a solid and find a GIF or video of the goal Jamie scored. It was beastly and very Jamie Benn like.
@raemobile !! okay ! well! i started because i saw jamie benn and i was like [eyes emoj] so i immediately watched a shit ton of youtube -
Stars Video: Jamie Benn receives a beautiful pass off the boards from Cody Eakin, flies in to score go-ahead goal (ESPN) #nhl
@JoshL1220 Are you serious? That was the same question asked of Jamie Benn, Kari.
Stars Video: Jamie Benn receives a beautiful pass off the boards from Cody Eakin, flies in to score go-ahead goal (ESPN) …
@ChaseAppleby Jamie Benn..? Yeah it's cause he's canadian 😏
it's going to be all jamie benn gifs and me screaming in the tags
Although closer than Gm 1, #Stars (-200) up 2-0 on #MNWild w/2-1 win
Antoine Roussel &amp; Jamie Benn scored
Kari Lehtonen stopped 25
UNDER hit
And that Jamie Benn has a cat named Charles. Not Charlie, Chuckles or Chuck. The full formal Charles.
My thought for the night... I don't think people really get how good Jamie Benn is. Yeah, they know the name and see the stats, but...
Jamie Benn is a stud. There, I've said it. #VictoryRising @DallasStars
#STARS BEAT WILD 2-1 TO TAKE A 2-0 SERIES LEAD. JAMIE BENN (2) 🚨 3RD PERIOD WAS GAME WINNER  AND KARI LEHTONEN 25SV. #STANLEYCUP
Jamie Benn's 3rd Period Tally guides the Dallas Stars to a 2-1 win over the Minnesota Wild in Game 2 of their Stanley Cup Playoff Series.
What's the deal with Jamie Benn? Doesn't Foxx have enough suedes? Who ARE these people?
NBC Sports on Benn's goal, "Jamie Benn, who has filled in very nicely for an injured Tyler Seguin." #CluelessExperts
"The book on Quick is that he likes to go down every chance he gets."

Jamie Benn is just like 👀.
Then again he did beat the crap out of Jamie Benn back when Benn still had emo hair so idk
NHL Playoffs: Jamie Benn scores, Kari Lehtonen makes 25 saves as Stars defeat Wild 2-1 in Game 2; take 2-0 series lead (ESPN) …
@babbitly @lauren1171 like literally screaming jamie benn is .... hooooooooooooooooooooo boy
Just watched that Jamie benn goal. 😍
@Area_85 Jamie Benn scored a big goal hes canadian
Wild vs. Stars 2016 final score: Crazy goal propels Stars to Game 2 win over Wild: Jamie Benn and magic helped the Stars.  The Dallas...
Wild vs. Stars 2016 final score: Crazy goal propels Stars to Game 2 win over Wild: Jamie Benn and magic helped the Stars.  The Dallas...
I love Jamie Benn from the bottom of my heart
commentators: complimenting jamie benn for 16 minutes after his goal
me: this is the life
NHL Playoffs: Jamie Benn scores, Kari Lehtonen makes 25 saves as Stars defeat Wild 2-1 in Game 2; take 2-0 series lead (ESPN) …
NHL Playoffs: Jamie Benn scores, Kari Lehtonen makes 25 saves as Stars defeat Wild 2-1 in Game 2; take 2-0 series lead (ESPN) #nhl
Jamie Benn's goal was geat just fJNIBKLM im STILL YELLING ABOUT IT I LOVE
Stars Beat Wild 2-1 for 2-0 Series Lead: Antoine Roussel scored from behind the net without the puck touching a stick and Jamie Benn ...
Minnesota Wild coach John Torchetti on Jamie Benn's GW goal: "He's the best scorer in the league. You can't let him get a breakaway."
Stars Beat Wild 2-1 for 2-0 Series Lead: Antoine Roussel scored from behind the net without the puck touching a stick and Jamie Benn ...
Stars Beat Wild 2-1 for 2-0 Series Lead: Antoine Roussel scored from behind the net without the puck touching a stick and Jamie Benn ...
Jamie Benn sounds like a real sweetheart when he’s being interviewed. Soft talker.
I just wanna date Jamie Benn tbh
Wild coach Torchetti calls Jamie Benn the best scorer in the league.
Jamie Benn is trending. Bless.
Jamie Benn is the real mvp
I this series, Jamie Benn has more points (4) than the entire Wild roster (3).
Jamie Benn for Conn Smythe.
@coryc711 well Jamie Benn actually scored so???
I still don't get people who say Jamie benn is overrated 🤔
@Willie_Dutch Jamie Benn was with the Cedar Park Stars when I was in Austin! He is a STUD
@DSIG_Taryn What a game Stars up 2-0 you give Jamie Benn a chance like that he doesn't miss to much it was great to see Sequin back:)
Stars Take 2-0 Series Lead with 2-1 Win over Wild; Jamie Benn 2nd Goal of Playoffs, Devan Dubnyk 26 Saves
How good is Jamie Benn? Even on the ice in the last minute up 2-1. Battles hard. A true young captain leading by example. Game winner too.
Jamie Benn has been showing out
Jamie Benn is a God #Dallasstars #VictoryRising
Jamie Benn with the game winning goal
Maybe its just me but for me, If Jamie Benn were American, he would probably be a top 5 favorite guy for me
You may have won Benn but your first name is Jamie... 😂
@bessyboo lol your hatred of jamie benn reminds me of my hate of tom brady (ughhh just writing the name *vomits*
If Jamie Benn didn't win your heart after that goal, you're heartless 
And a moron
North Saanich's Jamie Benn continues to be a force in the #NHLplayoffs. His GWG tonight gives him 4 points in two games for the Stars. #yyj
I love jamie benn
Which #Rangers player is gonna dump powerade on Jamie Benn?
@EthanSmith_88 @ken_chawski2 @DallasStars that was Jamie Benn being filthy
Jamie Benn scored the winner with 9:37 left in the 3rd, and the Stars beat the Wild, 2-1.
@fcbastixn thoughts on Jamie Benn? He is a man's man. Absolute stud
Jamie Benn and Joe Pavelski are both just unreal. No words to describe those two.
Jamie Benn is a great hockey player. But I can't respect him after he followed Douchebag Tyler Seguin's lead in mocking the Sedins. #Canucks
Fast fact during this timeout: Wild passed on Jamie Benn twice in the 2007 Draft, trading up for Colton Gillies and selecting Justin Falk.
