@SportsCenter deron williams is elite
@MFollowill Deron Williams had 2 points
@mavsmoneyball Deron Williams had 2 points
#Mavs #Mavericks PG-SG Raymond Felton started 2nd half of today's Game 1 at SG in place of PG J.J. Barea (groin), PG Deron Williams to PG.
#Mavs #Mavericks started PG J.J. Barea, PG Deron Williams, SG Wesley Matthews, star PF Dirk Nowitzi, rookie C Salah Mejri for Game 1 today.
I hope the Mavs get swept. Fuck the Mavs. Fuck deron Williams bitchass
Deron Williams in a Utah Jazz uniform was giving niggas the business, and had em on skates
I would start Deron Williams, Wes Matthews, Justin Anderson, Dirk, and Dwight Powell next game. See what happens.
Yooooo just watched 2 seconds of the Thunder ripping the Mavs. Bum ass Deron Williams helped them all right...
Deron Williams was cooking niggas when he was with the Utah Jazz tho
DERON WILLIAMS TRASH
WESLEY MATTHEWS TRASH
JJ BAREA FYE BUT PLAYED LIKE ASS
DIRK GONE DIRK
Deron Williams always was a scrub
@Himthatdude_0 with the team you guys got rn I would be too. Deron Williams is washed up lol
Dirk took a paycut so Cuban could sign top free agents like Wesley Mathews and deron Williams
Note to any teams in the market for trades next year: This is what having Deron Williams on your team gets you.
@RTSportsTalk I wouldn't have expected much better from Deron Williams
Deron Williams shaved his head and went from top 5 pg to forgetting how to play ball
Deron Williams: 2 points on 1/9 from the floor alongside 4 fouls in 22 minutes. LOL
@thizkidd I didn't say he wasn't...I'm talking about Deron Williams and his decline.
He was raw then 💯....RT @yung_cp3_: Deron Williams ain't been cold since he was with the Jazz
I love the Thunder, but I love Deron Williams more than anything in the NBA
I'm happily watching the Mavs get wrecked because Deron Williams deserves it.
Deron Williams is straight 🚮
Every team Deron Williams is on does trash in the playoffs. This man disappears when it comes time to be clutch
Good to see Deron Williams is in playoff mode.
Fuck you Deron Williams lmaooooo
y'all remember when Deron Williams and Carlos boozer use to be one of the best duos in the league? Dam things change fast
Deron Williams move like some of grandad on the court 😂
deron williams joins the flop club
On gawd RT @_WSBG: Lmaoo deron Williams looked sick trying to chase Westbrook
Deron Williams had a spark when he started, now he's just garbage.
We get what we deserve from here on out with Devin Harris and Deron Williams running guards.
😭😭😭 RT @_WSBG: Lmaoo deron Williams looked sick trying to chase Westbrook
Deron Williams looks like my uncle running up the court 😂
Deron Williams ain't been cold since he was with the Jazz
Deron Williams is done. So ineffective.
Lmaoo deron Williams looked sick trying to chase Westbrook
Best actor deron williams
This nigga Deron Williams really fell off tho
Damn deron Williams what happened to the taper family
OKC game on at the gym and I just have one question, why is Deron Williams bald bro? Lmao
Deron Williams flop was his most meaningful contribution so far.
2016 e Deron Williams
Deron Williams fell off so much
Deron Williams had a spark when he first started, now he's just garbage!!!
Niggah Deron Williams turned into Ron guillermo
I hate Deron Williams so much cause he has all the talent with zero desire to win
