Celtics are taking heat because Evan Turner attempted the game-tying 3-pointer at the end of the game, but he was open. Take the open shot.
I'm still mad Evan Turner took that 3 when he should've passed it to Marcus Smart on the wing
Isaiah Thomas should've taken that shot, not Evan Turner
If there's one thing you can count on in life it's Evan Turner being a bum at the worst possible time
#Celtics SF Evan Turner started the 2nd half of today's Game 1 at SF, SF Jae Crowder to PF, PF Jared Sullinger to C, PF Amir Johnson 2 bench
@drewjross oh I love this team.... I was disgruntled over John Barry's Evan Turner bashing. All they need is 1 in ATL
The whole time Avery was on the ground, I asked God "Why not Evan Turner?"
Evan Turner: "I don’t think we’re gonna go many halves missing 40 shots. I think that’s most encouraging."
I love Evan Turner...dude is awesome #Celtics #NBA #BleenGreen #CelticsNation #celticpride
Evan Turner: "I’m kind of over looking to the refs to help us. We need to do ourselves a favor and help ourselves."
@SportsNom @Ryan_Mourton Evan Turner was a mess his last two stops and now seems like a real NBA player
@rich_levine hard to reconcile Evan Turner being the guy to take that 3.
Evan Turner started the third quarter over Amir Johnson on Saturday.
#DailyNBA Evan Turner started the third quarter over Amir Johnson on Saturday.
@nysoxfan79 plus Evan Turner actually was looking great til late 3rd/4th quarter. 10 (even if it was 4/13), 8, &amp; 5 is nothing to sniff at
Instead of Evan Turner or Marcus Smart taking those threes at the end, it's Avery Bradley if he doesn't get hurt.
@_CasanovaJr Evan turner
@CozzaFrenzy93 Evan Turner has always taken the heat, no matter where he's been. Comes with failed expectations.
With the exception of Marcus Smart and maybe IT, no one was really on tonight. So why is only Evan Turner taking the heat? Unfair. #Celtics
I knew it, that Evan Turner 3 was an Avery Bradley play
@KTisclutch thankfully, Evan Turner still can't shoot
Evan turner the bum
You better hope Bradley good to go cuz Evan Turner getting extended run at SG going to be brutal
@BillSimmons Who is less aware they're about to put up a brick in a key possession? Evan Turner or Dion Waiters?
I just don't see it with Ben Simmons. All I see is a 6'10" version of Evan Turner/Lamar Odom. He'll be a good player just not great.
Somehow, Evan Turner makes me glad the Celtics lost. I have no idea where my hostility comes from. I think I just hate his game. Weird.
Or Evan turner...either one.
I automatically hate anyone who pins this loss on Evan Turner or Marcus Smart also. #Celtics
@CTowersCBS Evan Turner 3 point attempt late and Smart fouled when be didn't need to. He's a genius.
Evan Turner misses the layup, but Marcus Smart is there for the putback.
Evan Turner misses the layup, but Marcus Smart is there for the putback.
Evan Turner misses the layup, but Marcus Smart is there for the putback.
@wiznut9 if you think Evan Turner sucks you know nothing about basketball
@aymangolassi @HPbasketball lmao bruh, avery is mehhhhhh. Your big me are not that good. Evan turner is a bust. Marcus smart is meh
@KoreanInAKayak @jrwakely @bigjimmurray yeah give Evan Turner more shits 😂
@Shake4ndBake yeah you guys did good for a road game. The energy is there, as shown by the comeback. Just don't let Evan Turner shoot threes
Everything you know about Evan Turner is wrong.
Trade Evan Turner for a pack of trident layers
Why the fuck did Evan Turner take that three...
Evan Turner needed to hit that 3. Damnnnnn !!
Evan Turner
10pts (4-10FG) 8rebs 5ast 1st

Kent Bazemoore 
23pts (7-13FG) 8rebs 2Blks 

@nyknicks Who Y'all Choosing?
I have some questions about letting Evan Turner and Marcus Smart take clutch 3s late in a playoff game. Two worst shooters on the team.
Need to move Evan Turner for next season
@alexsweigart barley only because Evan turner can't hit an open three
That's for Evan Turner calling Dragic a girl
@ddrobb_don that inbound play ran great. Evan Turner had a wide open shot. I would've rather rj hunter been the one taking that lol
@bigjimmurray I just hope we give Evan Turner more shits at critical moments. 🤔🔫
Blame Evan Turner
Thomas should've taken that 3 when he passed it to Evan Turner
Why is this even an issue? Just throw the ball off Evan Turner’s leg and the game is over.
I don't wanna see Evan Turner anywhere near Game 2
He could have just hit Evan Turner with the ball. But NOPE.
The Celtics Loss Because Of Evan Turner
You know the east is bad when the celtics are in the playoffs and their best players are Evan turner jae crowder and Isaiah Thomas
This L is on Evan Turner idc
That's the guy who passed it to Evan Turner for a three.
Evan Turner Jumper broke asf😂😂
